# Kernel_Module

My fourth semester operating systems mini-project where made a kernel module using the C programming language


To run this code, you need to compile it as a kernel module and then insert it into a running Linux kernel. Here are the steps to do so:

Create a Kernel Module File: Copy the provided code into a file, say binary_tree_logger.c.

Create a Makefile: You also need a Makefile to build the module. Create a file named Makefile in the same directory as your binary_tree_logger.c file, and include the following content:

make
Copy code
obj-m += binary_tree_logger.o

all:
     make -C /lib/modules/$(shell uname -r)/build M=$(PWD) modules

clean:
     make -C /lib/modules/$(shell uname -r)/build M=$(PWD) clean
Compile the Module: Open a terminal, navigate to the directory containing your files (binary_tree_logger.c and Makefile), and run make:

bash
Copy code
make
This command will compile your kernel module. If successful, it will generate a file named binary_tree_logger.ko.

Insert the Module: After successful compilation, you can insert the module into the running kernel using the insmod command:

bash
Copy code
sudo insmod binary_tree_logger.ko
This command loads the module into the kernel. If everything goes well, you should see the initialization messages printed by the module.

View Kernel Logs: You can view the kernel logs to see the output generated by the module. Use dmesg command:

bash
Copy code
dmesg
Remove the Module: After you're done, you can remove the module from the kernel using the rmmod command:

bash
Copy code
sudo rmmod binary_tree_logger
Cleaning Up: If you want to clean up the compiled files, you can use the make clean command:

bash
Copy code
make clean
These steps should allow you to compile, load, and run the provided kernel module. Make sure you are working on a system where you have appropriate permissions to load kernel modules. Also, be cautious while working with kernel modules as they can potentially crash the system if not implemented correctly.
